Hello,

Thank you for your efforts to follow our guidelines. There are some outstanding issues that still need your attention.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment

Submission ID: 269cc015-6a2c-427b-a808-54a3c290b774
Review date: June 11, 2026
Review Device: iPhone 17 Pro Max and iPad Air 11-inch (M4)
Version reviewed: 1.0 (2)

Guideline 3.1.1 - Business - Payments - In-App Purchase


Issue Description

We noticed that the app includes or accesses paid digital content, services, or functionality by means other than In-App Purchase, which is not appropriate for the App Store. Specifically: 

- The app accesses digital content purchased outside the app, but that content isn't available to purchase using In-App Purchase. 


Apps on the United States storefront may link out to the default browser, using buttons, external links, or other calls to action, for payment mechanisms other than in-app purchase. To learn more, see the News post on Apple Developer. For storefronts where there are not alternative options for qualifying apps, the app must use in-app purchase.

Next Steps

The paid digital content, services, or subscriptions included in or accessed by the app must be available for purchase in the app using In-App Purchase. 

Apps that offer paid digital services and content across multiple platforms may allow customers to access the content they acquired outside the app as long as it is also available for purchase using In-App Purchase. See guideline 3.1.3(b) for more information. 

If you have any additional information to provide regarding the digital content and services in the app and how the guidelines apply to them, please reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know. If there is information you'd like us to consider in our review of future submissions, please feel free to include it in the App Review Information section of App Store Connect. 

Resources

- See how to implement In-App Purchase with the StoreKit framework.
- Review step-by-step instructions for creating In-App Purchases in App Store Connect. 
- Learn more about business requirements in guideline 3.1.1.
- Learn more about submitting In-App Purchases and subscriptions to App Review.
Guideline 5.1.1(v) - Data Collection and Storage


Issue Description

The app supports account creation but does not include an option to initiate account deletion. Apps that support account creation must also offer account deletion to give users more control of the data they've shared while using an app.

Follow these requirements when updating an app to support account deletion:

- Only offering to temporarily deactivate or disable an account is insufficient.
- If users need to visit a website to finish deleting their account, include a link directly to the website page where they can complete the process.
- Apps may include confirmation steps to prevent users from accidentally deleting their account. However, only apps in highly-regulated industries may require users to use customer service resources, such as making a phone call or sending an email, to complete account deletion.

Next Steps

Update the app to support account deletion. Once account deletion has been added, or if it is already in place, reply to this message with a screen recording captured on a physical device that demonstrates:

- Creating a new account or signing in with the demo account
- Navigating to the account deletion option
- The complete account deletion flow from initiation to confirmation

Include the recording in the Notes field of the App Review Information section in App Store Connect for future submissions.

If the app is unable to offer account deletion or needs to provide additional customer service flows to facilitate and confirm account deletion, either because the app operates in a highly-regulated industry or for some other reason, reply to App Review in App Store Connect and provide additional information or documentation. For questions regarding legal obligations, check with legal counsel.

Resources

Review frequently asked questions and learn more about the account deletion requirements.
Support